Am I that scary?
Did you keep waiting the first time you saw it?
Serving a distinguished guest for the first time
A little nervous
It will be turned into a bowl for you like a bowl.
Do you have cherry blossoms at home?
Ah, there are four young people behind the house
Why are you here?
I'm here today to test my engagement to a certain lady
Warm lady looking for you
believe
kneel down
You showed up at the carpenter today without a mask
This is your lesson
A lowly servant
Also grow a face similar to mine
I'll tell you what.
Lu Qinghan is my fiancé
He will meet tomorrow with his family and dreams
Be careful then
If only he knew
It was you last night
You and your mother are going to die